Update test strategy (#864)
ElektraInitiative/PermaplanT: doc/tests/README.md

}
```

#### Frontend

For the frontend unit tests will be used to test the following areas:

- State management logic: Since the frontend relies heavily on state management, it is important to ensure that the state is being properly managed and updated.
- Functions that handle data manipulation, such as sorting or filtering
- Components that render UI elements

> - Async actions, such as API calls or event handling

Reviewer: Can API calls even be tested using unit tests in the frontend?

```suggestion
- Correct event handling
```

> - Async actions, such as API calls or event handling

Reviewer: Ahh, ok, I think we have slightly different terminology here. For me unit tests in frontend was component/function testing of a single component/function. Testing how several components/functions work together in the frontend is already integration testing (afaik not present yet). But also integration testing is executed by a unit testing framework.

Using the frontend+backend together is only done in e2e tests.

See also testing section in doc/architecture/12glossary.md (which actually was written for backend and should be updated to also include an example for the frontend).

@tschawax I think the first step is that you look at which frontend tests we currently have and if they already do more or less what is described in the strategy here and how we go from where we are. Of course you can also recommend improvements of the strategy.

System testing will include end-to-end testing of the application to ensure overall functionality and user experience.
This will include testing of all features, navigation, and error handling.

> - System test scenarios must be derived from functional requirements and use cases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- System test scenarios must be derived from the use cases and the requirements they imply.
```

- Manual system tests are documented in [`doc/tests/manual/protocol.md`](./manual/protocol.md).

> - Automated system tests (e2e tests) can be found in [`e2e/`](../../e2e/README.md).

Reviewer: What about something like? Please add link if possible.

```suggestion
- Automated system tests (e2e tests) can be found in the top-level `e2e` folder.
- Both are specified in Gherkin syntax.
```
